Update README.md with obsoletion notice (#75)
exasol/github-keeper: README.md

[![Go Reference](https://pkg.go.dev/badge/github.com/exasol/github-keeper.svg)](https://pkg.go.dev/github.com/exasol/github-keeper)
[![Quality Gate Status](https://sonarcloud.io/api/project_badges/measure?project=com.exasol%3Agithub-keeper&metric=alert_status)](https://sonarcloud.io/summary/new_code?id=com.exasol%3Agithub-keeper)

> ## Obsoletion Notice

Author: ```suggestion
## This Repository is Obsolet
```

> ## This Repository is Obsolet

Author: ```suggestion
## This Repository is Obsolete
```

> ⚠ We archived this respository since the functionallity is now superseeded by the [github-issue-adapter](https://github.com/exasol/github-issue-adapter). ⚠

Reviewer: ```suggestion
⚠ We archived this repository since it is not maintained any more. ⚠
```
